sam-pt
======

It's a Tor pluggable transport over I2P's SAM API because YOLO. It is
experimental, only superficially tested, and probably a little dangerous. Please
avoid this plugin if you are a Tor user seeking anonymity. Snowflake is much
further along and much more likely to actually help you if you need to defeat
blocking at this time. If you're a developer, on the other hand, your
participation is highly appreciated. This is a learning project which might
have an off-chance of being a supplemental support mechanism for some Tor users
who are primarily concerned about their access to the Tor network being
identified and blocked eventually.

At this point, the Server part more-or-less works but I'm still not quite there
on the Client part.

Server Configuration
--------------------

To set up a server, add the following to your torrc

        SocksPort 0
        ORPort 9001
        ExtORPort auto
        BridgeRelay 1

        ServerTransportPlugin sam exec /usr/bin/samserver -client-config <path to torrc fragment for sharing with clients> -i2p-keys <path to i2p service key storage>
        ServerTransportListenAddr sam 127.0.0.1:7951

When you start the service, it will create a file in either the "Optional Path"
you specify in the torrc or in whatever the working directory is where the
transport service starts. It will contain the information required to configure
the client.

Client Configuration
--------------------

To set up a client, add the following to your torrc, or copy-and-paste them from
the examples generated by the server.


### Conflgure a client by adding these lines to your torrc

        ClientTransportPlugin sam exec /usr/bin/samclient -destination=X2fOakz22J1T3UaBA-3uX6BZ7a1ZNTPDNhAR7qrC90xXIKfWzz3fCi~N6E8q6HQOrNsZm2ei3zi1ld9~Rdo260Lnb6M~~gYARKvAwvUkUi5IkABS~D1sWYY4~eXRBn5mKzq4RsZpLpFr6G6ydkEdP6hHt8LuxbYYwMwUTr3JIaM31ueYLwS9CHtYo3yPGWCnN2CJXNX6dCMIehHF9t~yjgbc-It8i-99Ovcs6L0HMzlxvt~YxvgQep6w0tHq~GQmpDXXQqWMIUK~Sv4uTXAkVo1aqzGzUVCCmR3XoLwI99J~658LS3XCQv~GyhDhZO779a3rSSJwe5GcL3BXFUt13Vsfb1-6zkBXtE4kOKeM3eM0r6pILogsc5wukC27uOYC3Om23QScZC82mvIraPC2GDhJou8FMiUsDlOt4KliSuhXUzEsR9yGfcbPR67h6whh7ARMPQR-h8cOcDv0rJ1W2ic5P0-kEieaHjET7PCWELAZaDNkWbvoZGfEWFTfbRchAAAA

### OR you can use the base32

        ClientTransportPlugin sam exec /usr/bin/samclient -destination=rcip7g4m35nsfwk6tjzg6pnm5ea4l2b6ro3arnnyitfuhybt7zyq.b32.i2p

### OR you can use a readable mnemonic

        ClientTransportPlugin sam exec /usr/bin/samclient -destination="classification sarah testimony locked minnesota crazy seeing raising alexander weblog congressional scott favourites delivering paradise tt plug undergraduate ecology risk answer efficient sydney numerous attorneys session maintaining stadium pine mw dist exports 52"
